These are small projects that I have completed as assignments for the "An Introduction to Interactive Programming in Python" on Coursera (sorted in order of increasing difficulty)

All programs are run on Codeskulptor, an interactive, web-based Python programming environment that allows Python code to be run in a web browser. http://www.codeskulptor.org/

5) Blackjack is a simple, popular card game that is played in many casinos. Cards in Blackjack have the following values: an ace may be valued as either 1 or 11 (player's choice), face cards (kings, queens and jacks) are valued at 10 and the value of the remaining cards corresponds to their number. During a round of Blackjack, the players plays against a dealer with the goal of building a hand (a collection of cards) whose cards have a total value that is higher than the value of the dealer's hand, but not over 21. In this simplified version of Blackjack, a hand is automatically dealt to the player and dealer when the program starts. In particular, the program template includes a call to the deal() function during initialization.

6) Spaceship/RiceRocks is a 2D space game that is inspired by the classic arcade game Asteroids (1979). Asteroids is a relatively simple game by today's standards, but was still immensely popular during its time. In the game, the player controls a spaceship via four buttons: two buttons that rotate the spaceship clockwise or counterclockwise (independent of its current velocity), a thrust button that accelerates the ship in its forward direction and a fire button that shoots missiles. Large asteroids spawn randomly on the screen with random velocities. The player's goal is to destroy these asteroids before they strike the player's ship. In the arcade version, a large rock hit by a missile split into several fast moving small asteroids that themselves must be destroyed. Occasionally, a flying saucer also crosses the screen and attempts to destroy the player's spaceship. Searching for "asteroids arcade" yields links to multiple versions of Asteroids that are available on the web (including an updated version by Atari, the original creator of Asteroids).
